Update set-up-snowflake-native-app.md (#5669)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/cloud-integrations/set-up-snowflake-native-app.md

### Snowflake

- You have **ACCOUNTADMIN** access in Snowflake.

> - Your Snowflake account must have access to the Native App/SPCS integration and NA/SPCS configurations (PuPr planned at end of June). If you're unsure, please check with your Snowflake account manager.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Your Snowflake account must have access to the Native App/SPCS integration and NA/SPCS configurations (Public Preview  planned at end of June). If you're unsure, please check with your Snowflake account manager.
```

> - Your Snowflake account must have access to the Native App/SPCS integration and NA/SPCS configurations (PuPr planned at end of June). If you're unsure, please check with your Snowflake account manager.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Your Snowflake account must have access to the Native App/SPCS integration and NA/SPCS configurations (Public Preview planned at end of June). If you're unsure, please check with your Snowflake account manager.
```

> - Your Snowflake account must have access to the Native App/SPCS integration and NA/SPCS configurations (PuPr planned at end of June). If you're unsure, please check with your Snowflake account manager.

Reviewer: non blocker but thnk spelling it out to public preview is clearer

```suggestion
- Your Snowflake account must have access to the Native App/SPCS integration and NA/SPCS configurations (Public Preview planned at end of June). If you're unsure, please check with your Snowflake account manager.
```

> - Your Snowflake account must have access to the Native App/SPCS integration and NA/SPCS configurations (Public Preview planned at end of June). If you're unsure, please check with your Snowflake account manager.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Your Snowflake account must have access to the Native App/SPCS integration and NA/SPCS configurations (PuPr planned at end of June). If you're unsure, please check with your Snowflake account manager.
```
